# Dockup

This is a redo of [chatops_deployer](https://github.com/code-mancers/chatops_deployer)
using Elixir to solve the following problems with the Ruby implementation:

1. Dependency on Ruby and many other things required during runtime
2. Not able to deploy as self contained package
3. The app is not fault tolerant
4. Streaming of logs can be done better

Also dockup will include many other features like:

1. SSL support
2. Authentication
3. Cleanup of expired environments
4. etc ..

## Installation

TODO

## Development

Clone the repo and run:

    mix deps.get
    iex -S mix phoenix.server

You can access Dockup UI at http://localhost:4000.

### Development on OSX

    # Install latest elixir
    brew install elixir

    cd dockup
    ./scripts/setup


Once compilation runs fine, you can start dockup.
If you are running this on OSX, unless you have docker CLI available in the
development environment, you need to enable dry run mode in order to start
Dockup. Run:

    # Use this instead of iex -S mix phoenix.server
    DOCKUP_DRY_RUN=true iex -S mix phoenix.server


### Using Vagrant

It is recommended to use Vagrant for the following reasons:

1. You can use real docker and do real deployments on OSX
2. You can destroy containers and restart from a clean slate

A `Vagrantfile` is checked in which will provision an ubuntu machine with
everything ready for testing the app. Here's how you can set it up:

```
$ vagrant up
$ vagrant ssh
$ cd /vagrant
$ ./scripts/setup
```

## Environment variables

Refer `apps/dockup/config/config.exs` to see the list of configurations

## Configuration

Dockup can be configured by adding configuration files in the directory specified
in environment variable `DOCKUP_CONFIG_DIR`
or in the configuration value of `dockup: :config_dir`. If these are not specified,
dockup will use `/dockup/dockup_config` as the config directory in :prod environment
and `./dockup_config` in :dev environment. Continue reading to learn what
configurations are possible.

### SSL

If you want to enable SSL for the dockup domain, copy your cert and key files
to: `<dockup_config_dir>/dockup_ssl/crt` and `<dockup_config_dir>/dockup_ssl/key`
Please note that this will enable SSL only for dockup itself and not for the
service URLs which are created dynamically.

### Custom Nginx configurations

If you want to use custom nginx configurations, you may do so by modifying the
default nginx configs generated by dockup.
Once dockup has been started, you can find them at `<dockup_config_dir>/nginx.conf`
(the default nginx config file) and `<dockup_config_dir>/dockup.conf`
(the configuration used for serving dockup app).
Please note that as long as these files exist, dockup will never overwrite them.

## API

### /api/deployments

This API endpoint is used to deploy a dockerized app.

```
curl -XPOST  -d '{"git_url":"https://github.com/code-mancers/project.git","branch":"master","callback_url":"fake_callback"}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:4000/api/deployments
```
